Mm, whose is this?
Teacher, look
Nian Nian's game console was stolen by Lin Yoyo
I didn't steal it, I've never seen this game console
You're lying.
I saw you put it in your schoolbag at 7am
Why did you just say what you saw this morning?
You just lied
We all have game consoles
You can't afford it.
Not only do you not have a game console
No dad yet
Hey uncle hey stone
I heard that Mr. Gu just came back from a business trip to Jinshi
He had a conflict with his wife
Mr. Gu has a wife
Don't you know about this?
My heart is broken
Hey, Secretary Li
Do you know anything about this?
I don't believe you don't know
What are you pretending to be stupid?
Mr. Gu's front foot is finished with you
The back foot quarrels with the wife
The problem must be with you.
I see someone with a tow bottle
Want to climb into Mr. Gu's bed?
Don't be as weird as me
I'll tell you what.
As long as I have thought of seducing Mr. Gu to take the opportunity to rise to the top
I can't make a fortune in this life
Hey, what's up?
Are you Lin Youyou's parents?
Lin Yoyo got into a fight at school today
Yoyo got into a fight with someone else
I'll be right there.
Chen Dazhu, I'm going to ask for leave to go to the kindergarten
I will accompany you.